CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Vibe Beach

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Vibe Beach! This document provides guidelines and rules for contributing to this project.

## Commit Messages

Write clear and descriptive commit messages that explain what changes were made and why.

## Pull Request Process

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## Code Style

- Follow the existing code style in the project
- Update documentation as needed
- Keep the code clean and maintainable

## No Human Code Rule

All code contributions must be generated by AI/automated tools. Human written code is discouraged. This includes:

- All source code files
- Test files
- Configuration files
- Build scripts
- Documentation code examples

Although this is not strictly enforced, it's a good idea to use AI/automated tools to generate code. Communication between contributors should ideally be done via LLMs.

## Development Setup

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## Questions?

If you have any questions about contributing, please open an issue in the repository.

Commit message:

Enhance CONTRIBUTING.md with additional guidance on minor code tweaks and update README to clarify LLM communication expectations; add GitHub fork link in App component for easier access.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Vibe Beach

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Vibe Beach! This document provides guidelines and rules for contributing to this project.

## Commit Messages

Write clear and descriptive commit messages that explain what changes were made and why.

## Pull Request Process

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## Code Style

- Follow the existing code style in the project
- Update documentation as needed
- Keep the code clean and maintainable

## No Human Code Rule

All code contributions must be generated by AI/automated tools. Human written code is discouraged. This includes:

- All source code files
- Test files
- Configuration files
- Build scripts
- Documentation code examples

Although this is not strictly enforced, it's a good idea to use AI/automated tools to generate code. Communication between contributors should ideally be done via LLMs. Doing minor tweaks yourself is allowed as long as it doesn't kill the Vibe(TM) of the project.

## Development Setup

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## Questions?

If you have any questions about contributing, please open an issue in the repository.
